0x00-shell_basics/README.md, before:

# This directory is for learning the shell basics

##Task 0
###Where am I?
A script that prints out the absolute path name for a current working directory.  >> 0-current_working_directory

##Task 1
###What's in there?
A script that displays the contents of your current working directory. >> 1-listit

##Task 2
###There is no place like home
A scipt that changes the working directory to the user's home directory >> 2-bring_me_home

##Task 3
###The long format
A scripts that displays the contents of a pwd in a long format >> 3-listfiles

##Task 4
###Hidden files
A script that displays all files contents including hidden files >> 4-listmorefiles


##Task 5
###I love numbers
Print list of files with user group ID displayed numerically >> 5-listfilesdigitonly

##Task 6
###Welcome
A script that creates a directory called my_first_directory in the /tmp folder >> 6-firstdirectory

##Task 7
###Betty in my first directory
A script that moves the file betty from /tmp to /tmp/my_first_directory >> 7-movethatfile

##Task 8
###Bye bye Betty
A script that deletes the file betty from /tmp/my_first_directory >> 8-firstdelete

##Task 9
###Bye bye My first directory
A script that deletes /my_first_directory in the /tmp folder >> 9-firstdirdeletion

##Task 10
### Back to the future
This is a script that goes back to the previous directory >> 10-back

Commit message:

list files in various directiories

0x00-shell_basics/README.md, after:

# This directory is for learning the shell basics

## Task 0
### Where am I?
A script that prints out the absolute path name for a current working directory.  >> 0-current_working_directory

## Task 1
### What's in there?
A script that displays the contents of your current working directory. >> 1-listit

## Task 2
### There is no place like home
A scipt that changes the working directory to the user's home directory >> 2-bring_me_home

## Task 3
### The long format
A scripts that displays the contents of a pwd in a long format >> 3-listfiles

## Task 4
### Hidden files
A script that displays all files contents including hidden files >> 4-listmorefiles


## Task 5
### I love numbers
Print list of files with user group ID displayed numerically >> 5-listfilesdigitonly

## Task 6
### Welcome
A script that creates a directory called my_first_directory in the /tmp folder >> 6-firstdirectory

## Task 7
### Betty in my first directory
A script that moves the file betty from /tmp to /tmp/my_first_directory >> 7-movethatfile

## Task 8
### Bye bye Betty
A script that deletes the file betty from /tmp/my_first_directory >> 8-firstdelete

## Task 9
### Bye bye My first directory
A script that deletes /my_first_directory in the /tmp folder >> 9-firstdirdeletion

## Task 10
### Back to the future
This is a script that goes back to the previous directory >> 10-back

## Task 11
### Lists
This script would list the files of the current directory, parent of the working directory and /boot in that order >> 11-lists
